Yves: Hey guys, let's think about her name. Adam?
Go Won: Adam? Absolutely not!
Go Won: That is not even on the subs.
Chuu: I...
Chuu: A I Chuu Won!
Chuu: It means Adam, Yves, Chuu, and Go Won!
Chuu: Sorry...
Go Won: A I Chuu Won~
(Looks like Chuu and Go Won are taking after each other...)
Yves: I'm going to name her name!
'There are three options.'
'Number 1, Adam!
'I'm not lying'
'Number 2, Jidam!'
Yves & Chuu: Jidam...
(She is smiling who almost became 'Jidam')
'Number 3, Gotham!'
Yves: Gotham~
Chuu: I'm gonna choose Adam!
'What's your first impression of these options?'
'Your favorite...'
Olivia Hye: There are none of my favorite...
Olivia Hye: However, the word '담(Dam/Tham)' has to be put into a name?
'Right, definitely we need '담'
Yves: Midam!
Yves: Dam...
Yves: I think 'Midam' is okay!
Go Won: Dam...
Go Won: I'm sure that 'Sodam' is a beautiful name, right?
Go Won: Sodam!
Yves: Charmdam!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Chuu - Heart Attack"
Chuu: Mohumdam! Mokgyeokdam!
Chuu: Chungdam!
Olivia Hye: Budam...
(Don't worry, your name became Olivia Hye!)